--extra-index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu

absl-py==1.3.0
    # via tensorboard
cachetools==5.2.1
    # via google-auth
captum==0.6.0
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   requests
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
filelock==3.9.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
google-auth==2.15.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via tensorboard
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
    #   torchviz
grpcio==1.51.1
    # via tensorboard
huggingface-hub==0.11.1
    # via transformers
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   requests
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
markdown==3.4.1
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   captum
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   captum
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==23.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   transformers
pillow==9.4.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via tensorboard
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2022.10.31
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   transformers
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   google-auth
    #   python-dateutil
tensorboard==2.11.0
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tokenizers==0.13.2
    # via transformers
torch==1.13.1+cpu
    # via
    #   -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
    #   captum
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchtext
    #   torchvision
    #   torchviz
torchaudio==0.13.1+cpu
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
torchtext==0.14.1
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
torchvision==0.14.1+cpu
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
torchviz==0.0.2
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchtext
    #   transformers
transformers==4.25.1
    # via -r /app/reqs/pytorch.in
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   requests
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.38.4
    # via
    #   -c /app/reqs/requirements.txt
    #   tensorboard

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
